Baking and delegation in BW (#761)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/net/mobile-wallet/update-baker-mw.rst

        - :ref:`Docker<baking-docker>`
        - :ref:`Ubuntu<baker-ubuntu>`

.. dropdown:: |bw|

    #. Click |earn| on the navigation bar. Use the left and right arrow to locate the button if necessary. Use the Accounts drop-down at the top of the window to select the account.

        .. image:: ../images/browser-wallet/setup-baking-delegation.png
            :width: 40%

    #. You see the current baker setup. Click **Update**.

        .. image:: ../images/browser-wallet/update-baker-options.png
            :width: 40%
            :alt: screen showing current baker setup and buttons to stop or update

    #. Click **Update baker keys**. Review the information about updating baker keys and click **Continue**.

        .. image:: ../images/browser-wallet/update-baker-actions.png
            :width: 40%
            :alt: screen showing actions to update baker

>     #. Click **Export baker keys** and navigate to the place on your device where you want to save the file. Give the file a name and the extension .json. Click **Continue** to complete the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #. Click **Export baker keys** and the keys are automatically downloaded as `baker-credentials.json` to your default download folder. Click **Continue** to complete the transaction.
```

            :alt: screen with buttons to show keys or export baker keys
            :width: 40%

        .. image:: ../images/browser-wallet/add-baker-continue-after-export.png
            :alt: screen with buttons to continue after export and wallet screen dimmed behind
            :width: 40%

    #. Once you have saved the keys, you see an overview screen of the add baker transaction. Review the information then click **Send**.

        .. image:: ../images/browser-wallet/update-baker-keys-review.png
                :width: 40%

    #. The wallet shows that the transaction has been submitted to the chain. Click **Finish**.

        .. image:: ../images/browser-wallet/update-baker-keys-finish.png
                :width: 40%

    #. You need to import your baker keys file to your node in order to start baking. It is preferable to update them on the node as close to the next :ref:`pay day<glossary-pay-day>` as possible to prevent the node from being down as a baker for a longer time.

        - :ref:`Windows<baker-windows>`
        - :ref:`macOS<baker-macos>`
        - :ref:`Docker<baking-docker>`
        - :ref:`Ubuntu<baker-ubuntu>`

>     Once the transaction is finalized after importing your baker keys to the node, you see the baking status reflected in the account list and on the account card.
> 
>     .. image:: ../images/mobile-wallet/account-list-baking.png
>         :width: 40%
> 
>     .. image:: ../images/mobile-wallet/account-details-baking.png
>         :width: 40%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

A bit out of place here, after updating the keys.
